Pirate Island
Grandpa pig is taking peppa and his friends
for a day out on his boat.
Everyone on board.
Aye aye, captain grandpa.
Full sail
See you later.
Peppa and her friends
are all wearing life jackets.
George, you could wear my pirate hat.
Today, we are sailing to pirate island.
If we are lucky,
we might find buried treasure.
Wow!
Pirate Island sounds like a great place.
Land, ahoy.
Here we are, Pirate Island.
Hooray!
What's that?
It's a metal detector.
It finds buried treasure.
Grandpa pig is using the metal detector
to find buried treasure.
Ah!
The metal detective have found something.
That's digged dot.
It's a metal coin.
Treasure! Hooray!
Let's find some more.
Ah, we found something else.
It sounds big!
My goodness!
This big treasure is quite heavy.
Ho, dear.
That's not a metal treasure.
It's a rusty shopping trolley.
Maybe it enough treasure hunting.
Who wants to help me
to build a big sandcastle?
Me! Me!
What a good idea, granny pig
Now I just check on the boat.
Granny pig is going to help children
build a big sandcastle.
And grandpa pig is doing
his important old things.
Ha, this is nice.
Maybe I just close my eyes
for a little bit.
Granny pig and children
are making a big sandcastle.
They need lots and lots sands.
They use buckets to
make the castle's turrets.
What a splendid castle.
Hooray!
Time to go home.
Oh, where has the boat gone?
Look, granny.
Oh, no,
grandpa pig is fast asleep
and the boat is drifting away.
We have to wake grandpa up.
Shout as loudly you can.
Grandpa pig!
Wake up! Wake up!
Oh, no, grandpa pig is still asleep.
Grandpa's too far away to hear us.
We're stuck on Pirate Island.
We castaways.
We'll be here fora hundreds years.
We'll have to eat wild fruit and berries.
And we'll have to eat insects and slugs.
Errr...
The parents are here
to collect the children.
Where am I?
Hello.
Hello, everyone.
Have you had a nice time?
Yes, actually,
I've just left something behind.
Back in a tick.
Look, that's grandpa.
We're safed.
Hooray!
Welcome aboard me hearties.
Naughty grandpa pig,
we thought you left us behind
Sorry about it, granny pig.
Next time I promise not to fall asleep.
Good bye, Pirate Island.
See you again soon.
I love Pirate Island.
Can we visit it again?
Of course we can, peppa.
Hooray!